# PyBer_Analysis
The purpose of this analysis is to utilize Pandas, Jupyter Notebooks, and Matplotlib to create a data analysis of PyBer's data as a ride-sharing platform. The report will be used in decision-making and future company plans in pricing, service placements, and policy.

The amount of data from each data type varies. There are 66, 36, and 18 data points from Urban, Suburban, and Rural city types respectively. Ride-sharing data includes the total rides, total drivers, total fares, average fare per ride and driver, and total fare by city type. However, the data is severely lacking, as it does not take into account distance traveled per ride, which inevitably affects fares. Furthermore, the type of vehicle the driver uses is not mentioned. If the all drivers follow a cab-like system and use the same cars, then calculating dollar cost for miles per gallon would be easier. However, if the company follows a more freelance structure similar to Uber, then calculating costs of operation and profit margin would be that much more difficult because different cars consume different types of gas and have different fuel efficiency. 

Reccomendations for PyBer
PyBer should attain more data and include distance traveled in their data alongside the fares. Furthermore, offering different vehicle sizes would beneficial. By identifying the amount of distance traveled, the types of cars drivers use may be shifted. Urban city driving generally reduces fuel efficiency, however long drives, such as drives in rural areas, are better for engine health and maintenance. If the company is keeping the vehicles in-house, this should be something to take into account in maintaining their inventory. As it stands, the immediate plan of action for PyBer would be to provide more drivers in Urban areas simply due to a higher population causing higher demand.
